hey guys what's up place over here and
this is my Helen held one of Hama Virgil
on Virgil's downfall but Devil May Cry
this mission was a pain in the fucking
ass took me like an hour to complete
you just got away from her attack with
that with the midair volcano move and
just wait for him and then use he'll be
l1 yes three get above him slum down and
just juggle them like a bitch seems a
bit cheap what the hell he's much deeper
this was me fucking up the edge on
consoles I'm not very good at it I never
did it in the old games and just started
doing it in Virgil's downfall well I'd
actually take my time at certain parts I
didn't always do it quickly if you're
not very good at jump cancel an EVA it's
the best where they were or you could
clearly see someone spaces between my
slashes so you know I'm not the best at
here and I managed to pull it off and
even dropped him once or twice here if
you just wait for the sound façades
Mayock he will dodge knees envied you
could have casual the jock of drug aware
like he just don't even notice that
you've got dodged knees
I believe there's four of the first
swords six of the big swords and then
three of these I believe I counted him
because I was getting really pissed off
and it took me forever like I said so I
have plenty of time to analyze this guy
over I think all of these combos are
does a random was like it was about four
of them sometimes does more and
sometimes it parish you anyway bell end
one thing if it does the stinger be
immediately you want to get the fuck out
of there cause does that foul thousand
cooked I always did with me and they
always caught me well if it doesn't
sting
be at the end of his combo van juggle
away why not take less you bastard
takes all that fucking stress it took me
a beat you prick
then I dropped him again god damn it
yeah I got impatient here that's what
happens if you do not wear it at the end
of his combo that also happens if you
use doppelganger so do not use
doppelganger or phantom stars just seems
to get more defensive I use phantom
swords and they always seem of pulleys
upon themselves out and I can't stop
them for shit so that was a bad move on
my part although if you're going for an
sss rank this probably won't work i mean
i believe i get c flawless shit well i
don't care Helen hell hole over Italy
with my only obstacle completing this
mod that's me only cuz I'm insanely
cheap and decided to you super Virgil to
go through it except for this one fight
it's my god I wanted a decent rank at
the end of this shit he's so annoying
I think anyone who thinks the other
bosses in the game we're too easy need
to fight this guy I think he's the
hardest boss by far especially in hell
and he'll mod it doesn't light up I
think as a cool boss on over Boston well
I'm not difficult is even on dumb Tim
will die but my god I hate him on the
island hell I never want to play this
again not alike I do want to do a
perfect run but I don't know if it'll be
asked like sacrificing in a row of my
life to just fail 50 times against this
guy cuz I just get hit by stupid little
mistakes and like getting impatient and
that's why I fuck up and I don't think
that's good
I can't be asked after a while I just
want to get it over with
oh what a beautiful hair and I believe
he dies from this act this you son of a
bitch
yes taste of a dirt he was beaten funk
fuck I got hope this helped if any of
you are struggling with Helen Hill
that's the best way I found to be him
the other method I used was finding
attacks where like if he stomped down
onto ground or sting a bead getting away
from him and then closing distance and
tacking him but that didn't work nearly
as well as this tactic did you could see
this tactics cheapest book no I said you
don't get a very high ranking I got see
and that was just from googling him
thanks for watching guys dr. el cielo